MULTIARCH-1411,1393: Updates IBM Z for OCP 4.9 (#36250)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-user-infra-machines-static-network.adoc

----

a|Specify multiple network interfaces by specifying multiple `ip=` entries.

> If the additional network gateway is different from the primary network gateway, the default gateway must be the primary network gateway.

Author: @miabbott Could you please take a look and confirm that it's correct for x86. Thanks

----

a|Specify multiple network interfaces by specifying multiple `ip=` entries.

If the additional network gateway is different from the primary network gateway, the default gateway must be the primary network gateway.
a|
----
ip=10.10.10.2::10.10.10.254:255.255.255.0:core0.example.com:enp1s0:none
ip=10.10.10.3::10.10.10.254:255.255.255.0:core0.example.com:enp2s0:none
----

Configure the default gateway: 

----
ip=::10.10.10.254::::
----
Configure the route for the additional network:

----
rd.route=20.20.20.0/24:20.20.20.254:enp2s0
---- 

> 

Reviewer: Can we break this section into it's own table row? I don't want to mix up the example of specifying multiple `ip=` entries with providing an additional routing entry.

----

a|Specify multiple network interfaces by specifying multiple `ip=` entries.

a|
----
ip=10.10.10.2::10.10.10.254:255.255.255.0:core0.example.com:enp1s0:none
ip=10.10.10.3::10.10.10.254:255.255.255.0:core0.example.com:enp2s0:none
----

> a|Optional: You can configure routes to additional networks using `rd.route=`. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
a|Optional: You can configure routes to additional networks by setting an `rd.route=` value.  
```
